conprof: fix version desc (#12884)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/continuous-profiling.md

>
> To use Continuous Profiling, your cluster should be deployed or upgraded with a recent version of TiUP (v1.9.0 or above) or TiDB Operator (v1.3.0 or above). If your cluster was upgraded using an earlier version of TiUP or TiDB Operator, see [FAQ](/dashboard/dashboard-faq.md#a-required-component-ngmonitoring-is-not-started-error-is-shown) for instructions.

> After enabling it, you can have performance data continuously collected in the background without keeping the web pages always active. Data collected can be kept for a certain period of time and expired data is automatically cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling Continuous Profiling, you can have performance data continuously collected in the background without keeping the web pages always active. Data collected can be kept for a certain period of time and expired data is automatically cleared.
```
